#An exposition of the Epistle of St Paule to the Colossians deliuered in sundry sermons, preached by Edvvard Elton minister of Gods word at St Mary Magdalens Bermondsey neare London. And now by him published intending the further good of his charge, and the profit of as many as shall please to reade it.#

##Elton, Edward, d. 1624.##
An exposition of the Epistle of St Paule to the Colossians deliuered in sundry sermons, preached by Edvvard Elton minister of Gods word at St Mary Magdalens Bermondsey neare London. And now by him published intending the further good of his charge, and the profit of as many as shall please to reade it.
Elton, Edward, d. 1624.

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/A21/A21260.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/A21/A21260.epub) • 
[Page images (Historical Texts)](https://historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/eebo-99836232e)

**Availability**

To the extent possible under law, the Text Creation Partnership has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this keyboarded and encoded edition of the work described above, according to the terms of the CC0 1.0 Public Domain Dedication (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). This waiver does not extend to any page images or other supplementary files associated with this work, which may be protected by copyright or other license restrictions. Please go to https://www.textcreationpartnership.org/ for more information about the project.

**Major revisions**

1. __2013-10__ __TCP__ *Assigned for keying and markup*
1. __2013-11__ __SPi Global__ *Keyed and coded from ProQuest page images*
1. __2014-01__ __John Pas__ *Sampled and proofread*
1. __2014-01__ __John Pas__ *Text and markup reviewed and edited*
1. __2014-03__ __pfs__ *Batch review (QC) and XML conversion*

##Content Summary##

#####Front#####
AN EXPOSITION OF THE EPISTLE of St Paule to the Coloſſians, deliuered in ſundry Sermons, Preached by
1. TO THE RIGHT VVorſhipfull his very good Patrone, ROVVLAND TRAPS Eſquire, the Author, wiſheth all true happineſſe, both temporall and eternall in the Lord Ieſus.

1. A TABLE DIRECTING the Reader to the ready finding of the principall Doctrines handled in this booke, ſet downe in Alphabeticall order.

1. Errata.

#####Body#####

1. AN EXPOSITION of the Epiſtle to the Coloſſians, deliuered in certaine Sermons.

    _ CHAP. I
VERS. I.Paul an Apoſtle of Ieſus Chriſt, by the will of God, and Timotheus our brother.THIS Epiſtle VERS. 2. To them which are at Coloſſe, &c.Firſt, touching the parties to whom this Epiſtle was
 writVer. 3VER. 3. We giue thankes to God, &c.In this verſe, the Apoſtle beginnes the preface to his wholNow come we to the fourth verſe. Wherein are laide Ver. 4 before vs the things, for which the ApoſtlVER. 5. For the hopes ſake &c. Ver. 5In this verſe, the Apoſtle doth lay before vs two things. FirſtVER. 6. Which is come vnto you, &c.In this verſe, the Apoſtle proceedes in commendation of the goſpeVER. 7. As ye alſo learned of Epaphras our deare fellow ſeruant, which is for you a faithfull miniſtVER. 8. Who hath alſo declared vnto vs your loue, which ye haue by the Spirit.Come we to the eight vVer. 9VER. 9. For this cauſe wee alſo ſince the day we heard of it, ceaſe not to pray for you, and tVer. 10VER. 10. That ye might walke worthy of the Lord, and pleaſe him in all things, being fruitfulVER. 11. Strengthened with all might through his glorious power; vnto all patience, and long ſufferiVER. 12. Giuing thankes vnto the Father which hath made vs meet to be partakers of the inheritance oVER. 13. Who hath deliuered vs from the power of darkeneſſe, Ver. 13 and hath tranſlated vs vnto theVER. 14. In whom we haue redemption through his bloud that is, the forgiueneſſe of ſinnes.In this veVER. 15. Who is the image of the inuiſible God, the firſt borne of euery creature.The Apoſtle here bVER. 16. For by him were all things created, which are in Ver. 16 Heauen, and which are in earth, thVer. 17VER. 17. And hee is before all things, and in him all things conſiſt.In this verſe are propouVER. 18. And he is the head of the body of the Church: he is the beginning, and the firſt borne of tVER. 19. For it pleaſed the Father that in him ſhould all fulneſſe dwell.The words of this verſe as VER. 20. And by him to reconcile all things vnto himſelfe, and to ſet at peace through the bloud of Ver. 21.22.VER. 21. And you which were in times paſt ſtrangers and enemies, becauſe your mindes wereVer. 22VER. 22. In the body of his fleſh through death, to make you holy and vnblameable, and withouVER. 23. If yee continue, grounded and ſtabliſhed in the faith, and bee not mooued away from the hopVER. 24. Now reioyce I in my ſufferings for you, and fulfill the r•ſt of the afflictions of Chriſt iVER. 25. Whereof I am a Miniſter according to the diſpenſation of God, which is giuen me vnto you waVER. 26. Which is the Myſtery hid ſince the world beganne and from all ages▪ but now is made manifeſVER. 27. To whom God would make knowen, what is the riches of this glorious mystery among the GentilVER. 28. Whom we preach, admoniſhing euery man, and teaching euery man in all wiſedome▪ that we may VER. 29. Whereunto I alſo labour and ſtriue, according to his working, which worketh in me mightily.VERSE 1.For I would ye knew what great fighting I haue for your ſakes, and for them of Laodicea, andVER. 2. That their hearts might be comforted, and they knit together in loue, and in all riches of tVER. 3 In whom are hid all the treaſures of wiſedome and knowledge.In this verſe for the matter of iVER. 4. And this I ſay leſt any man ſhould beguile y•• with entiſing words.In this verſe is laid dowVER. 5. For though I be abſent in the fleſh, yet am I with you in the ſpirit, reioycing and beholdinVER. 6. As yee haue therefore receiued Chriſt Ieſus the Lord, ſo walke in him. &c.This verſe, togethVER. 7. Rooted and built in him, and ſtabliſhed in the faith, as ye haue beene taught, abounding theVER. 8. Beware leaſt there be any man that ſpoyle you through Philoſophy, and vaine deceit, through VER. 9. For in him dwelleth all the fulneſſe of the Godhead bodily.This verſe dependeth on the formeVER. 11. In whom alſo ye are circumciſed with circumciſion made without hands, by putting off the ſiVER. 12. In that yee are buried with him through Baptiſme, in whom yee are alſo rayſed vp together tVER. 13. And yee which were dead in ſinnes, and in the vncircumciſion of your fleſh, hath hee quickeVER. 14. And putting out the handwriting of ordinances that was againſt vs, which was contrary to vsVER. 15. And hath ſpoiled the principalities and powers, and hath made a ſhew of them openly; and haVER. 16. Let no man therefore condemne you in meat & drinke, or in reſpect of an holy day, or of theVER. 17. Which are but a ſhadow of things to come: but the body is in Chriſt.This verſe hath reſpectVER. 18. Let no man at his pleaſure beare rule ouer you, by humbleneſſe of minde, and worſhipping ofVER. 19. And holdeth not the head, whereof all the bodie furniſhed and knit together by ioints and bVER. 20. Wherefore if yee be dead with Chriſt, from the ordinances of the world, why? as though ye lVER. 21. Touch not, taſte not, handle not.In this verſe hee doth ſpecifie their decrees and expreſſeVER. 22. Which all periſh with the vſing, and are after the commandements and doctrine of men.In thiVER. 23. Which things haue indeed a ſhew of wiſedome, in voluntarie religion, and humbleneſſe of minVERSE. 1.If yee then bee riſen with Chriſt, ſeeke thoſe things which are aboue, where Chriſt ſittethVER. 3. Set your affections on things which are aboue, and not on things which are on the earth.In tVER. 3. For yee are dead, and your life is hid with Chriſt in God.The firſt wordes of this verſe, coVER. 4. When Christ which is our life ſhall appeare, then ſhall yee alſo appeare with him in glory.IVER. 5. Mortifie therefore your members which are on the earth, fornication •ncleaneneſſe, the ininoVER. 6. For the which things ſakes, the wrath of God commeth on the children of diſobedience.Vſe. CoVER. 7. Wherein yee alſo walked once, when yee liued in them.In this verſe our Apoſtle vſeth anotherVER. 8. But now put yee away euen all theſe things, wrath, anger, maliciouſneſſe, curſed ſpeaking, fVER. 9. Lie not one to another, ſeeing that yee haue put off the old man with his workes.In this verVER. 10. And haue put on the new, which is renewed in knowledge, after the image of him that createdVER. 11. Where is neither Grecian nor Iew, circumciſion nor vncircumciſion, Barbarian, Scythian, bonVER. 12. Now therefore as the Elect of God, holy, and beloued; put on tender mercy, kindneſſe, humblVER. 13. Forbearing one another, and forgiuing one another, if any haue a quarrell to another: euen VER 14. And aboue all things put on loue which is the bond of perfection.Our Apoſtle hauing exhortedVER. 15. And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to the which yee are called in one body, and VER 16. Let the word of Chriſt dwell in you plenteouſly in all wiſdome, teaching and admoniſhing youVER. 17. And whatſoeuer ye ſhall doe in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Ieſus, giuing tVER. 17. Wiues ſubmit yourſelues vnto your husbands, as it is comelie in the Lord.The Apoſtle hauingVER. 19. Huſbands loue your wiues, and bee not bitter vnto them.In this verſe the Apoſtle ſets beforVER. 20. Children obey your Parents in all things for that is well-pleaſing to the Lord.The Apoſtle VER. 21. Fathers prouoke not your children to anger, leaſt they be diſcouraged.In this verſe the ApoVER. 22. Seruants bee obedient vnto them that are your Maſters, according to the fleſh, in all thingVER. 23. And whatſoeuer yee doe, doe it hartily, as to the Lord, and not vnto man.The duty of SeruanVER. 24. Knowing that of the Lord ye ſhall receiue the reward of the inheritance: for ye ſerue the LVER. 25. But hee that doth wrong ſhall receiue for the wrong that hee hath done, and there is no reſVERSE I.Yee Maſters, doe vnto your Seruants that which is iuſt and equall, knowing that yee alſo hauVER. 2. Continue in praier, and watch in the ſame with thankeſgiuing.I haue not yet laid foorth the VER. 3. Praying alſo for vs, that God may open vnto vs the doore of vtterance to ſpeake the mysterieVER. 4. That I may vtter it, as it becommeth mee to ſpeake.In this verſe the Apoſtle requires the prVER. 5. Walke wiſely toward them that are without, and redeeme the time.The Apoſtle in this verſe prVER. 6. Let your ſpeach bee gracious alwaies, and powdred with ſalt, that yee may know how to anſwerVER. 7. Tychicus our beloued brother, and faithfull Miniſter, and fellow ſeruant in the Lord, ſhall 
      * Come we now to the deſcription of Oneſimus.
VER. 10 Ariſtarcus my priſon-fellow ſaluteth you, and Marcus Barnabas ſiſters ſonne, (touching whom VER. 12 Epaphras the ſeruant of Chriſt, which is one of you, ſaluteth you, and alwaies ſtriueth for VER. 13 For I beare him record that he hath a great zeale for you, and for them of Laodicea, and theVER. 14. Luke the beloued Phyſitian greeteth you, and Demas.In this Verſe the Apoſtle doth further mVER. 15. Salute the brethren which are of Laodicea, and Nymphas, and the Church which is in his houſVER. 16. And when this Epiſtle is read of you, cauſe that it be read in the Church of the LaodiceansVER. 17. And ſay to Archippus, take heed to the miniſterie that thou haſt receiued in the Lord, thatVER. 18. The ſaluation by the hand of me Paul: Remember my bands. Grace bee with you, Amen.In this V
    _ THE SECOND CHAPTER.
VERS. I.Paul an Apoſtle of Ieſus Chriſt, by the will of God, and Timotheus our brother.THIS Epiſtle VERS. 2. To them which are at Coloſſe, &c.Firſt, touching the parties to whom this Epiſtle was
 writVer. 3VER. 3. We giue thankes to God, &c.In this verſe, the Apoſtle beginnes the preface to his wholNow come we to the fourth verſe. Wherein are laide Ver. 4 before vs the things, for which the ApoſtlVER. 5. For the hopes ſake &c. Ver. 5In this verſe, the Apoſtle doth lay before vs two things. FirſtVER. 6. Which is come vnto you, &c.In this verſe, the Apoſtle proceedes in commendation of the goſpeVER. 7. As ye alſo learned of Epaphras our deare fellow ſeruant, which is for you a faithfull miniſtVER. 8. Who hath alſo declared vnto vs your loue, which ye haue by the Spirit.Come we to the eight vVer. 9VER. 9. For this cauſe wee alſo ſince the day we heard of it, ceaſe not to pray for you, and tVer. 10VER. 10. That ye might walke worthy of the Lord, and pleaſe him in all things, being fruitfulVER. 11. Strengthened with all might through his glorious power; vnto all patience, and long ſufferiVER. 12. Giuing thankes vnto the Father which hath made vs meet to be partakers of the inheritance oVER. 13. Who hath deliuered vs from the power of darkeneſſe, Ver. 13 and hath tranſlated vs vnto theVER. 14. In whom we haue redemption through his bloud that is, the forgiueneſſe of ſinnes.In this veVER. 15. Who is the image of the inuiſible God, the firſt borne of euery creature.The Apoſtle here bVER. 16. For by him were all things created, which are in Ver. 16 Heauen, and which are in earth, thVer. 17VER. 17. And hee is before all things, and in him all things conſiſt.In this verſe are propouVER. 18. And he is the head of the body of the Church: he is the beginning, and the firſt borne of tVER. 19. For it pleaſed the Father that in him ſhould all fulneſſe dwell.The words of this verſe as VER. 20. And by him to reconcile all things vnto himſelfe, and to ſet at peace through the bloud of Ver. 21.22.VER. 21. And you which were in times paſt ſtrangers and enemies, becauſe your mindes wereVer. 22VER. 22. In the body of his fleſh through death, to make you holy and vnblameable, and withouVER. 23. If yee continue, grounded and ſtabliſhed in the faith, and bee not mooued away from the hopVER. 24. Now reioyce I in my ſufferings for you, and fulfill the r•ſt of the afflictions of Chriſt iVER. 25. Whereof I am a Miniſter according to the diſpenſation of God, which is giuen me vnto you waVER. 26. Which is the Myſtery hid ſince the world beganne and from all ages▪ but now is made manifeſVER. 27. To whom God would make knowen, what is the riches of this glorious mystery among the GentilVER. 28. Whom we preach, admoniſhing euery man, and teaching euery man in all wiſedome▪ that we may VER. 29. Whereunto I alſo labour and ſtriue, according to his working, which worketh in me mightily.VERSE 1.For I would ye knew what great fighting I haue for your ſakes, and for them of Laodicea, andVER. 2. That their hearts might be comforted, and they knit together in loue, and in all riches of tVER. 3 In whom are hid all the treaſures of wiſedome and knowledge.In this verſe for the matter of iVER. 4. And this I ſay leſt any man ſhould beguile y•• with entiſing words.In this verſe is laid dowVER. 5. For though I be abſent in the fleſh, yet am I with you in the ſpirit, reioycing and beholdinVER. 6. As yee haue therefore receiued Chriſt Ieſus the Lord, ſo walke in him. &c.This verſe, togethVER. 7. Rooted and built in him, and ſtabliſhed in the faith, as ye haue beene taught, abounding theVER. 8. Beware leaſt there be any man that ſpoyle you through Philoſophy, and vaine deceit, through VER. 9. For in him dwelleth all the fulneſſe of the Godhead bodily.This verſe dependeth on the formeVER. 11. In whom alſo ye are circumciſed with circumciſion made without hands, by putting off the ſiVER. 12. In that yee are buried with him through Baptiſme, in whom yee are alſo rayſed vp together tVER. 13. And yee which were dead in ſinnes, and in the vncircumciſion of your fleſh, hath hee quickeVER. 14. And putting out the handwriting of ordinances that was againſt vs, which was contrary to vsVER. 15. And hath ſpoiled the principalities and powers, and hath made a ſhew of them openly; and haVER. 16. Let no man therefore condemne you in meat & drinke, or in reſpect of an holy day, or of theVER. 17. Which are but a ſhadow of things to come: but the body is in Chriſt.This verſe hath reſpectVER. 18. Let no man at his pleaſure beare rule ouer you, by humbleneſſe of minde, and worſhipping ofVER. 19. And holdeth not the head, whereof all the bodie furniſhed and knit together by ioints and bVER. 20. Wherefore if yee be dead with Chriſt, from the ordinances of the world, why? as though ye lVER. 21. Touch not, taſte not, handle not.In this verſe hee doth ſpecifie their decrees and expreſſeVER. 22. Which all periſh with the vſing, and are after the commandements and doctrine of men.In thiVER. 23. Which things haue indeed a ſhew of wiſedome, in voluntarie religion, and humbleneſſe of minVERSE. 1.If yee then bee riſen with Chriſt, ſeeke thoſe things which are aboue, where Chriſt ſittethVER. 3. Set your affections on things which are aboue, and not on things which are on the earth.In tVER. 3. For yee are dead, and your life is hid with Chriſt in God.The firſt wordes of this verſe, coVER. 4. When Christ which is our life ſhall appeare, then ſhall yee alſo appeare with him in glory.IVER. 5. Mortifie therefore your members which are on the earth, fornication •ncleaneneſſe, the ininoVER. 6. For the which things ſakes, the wrath of God commeth on the children of diſobedience.Vſe. CoVER. 7. Wherein yee alſo walked once, when yee liued in them.In this verſe our Apoſtle vſeth anotherVER. 8. But now put yee away euen all theſe things, wrath, anger, maliciouſneſſe, curſed ſpeaking, fVER. 9. Lie not one to another, ſeeing that yee haue put off the old man with his workes.In this verVER. 10. And haue put on the new, which is renewed in knowledge, after the image of him that createdVER. 11. Where is neither Grecian nor Iew, circumciſion nor vncircumciſion, Barbarian, Scythian, bonVER. 12. Now therefore as the Elect of God, holy, and beloued; put on tender mercy, kindneſſe, humblVER. 13. Forbearing one another, and forgiuing one another, if any haue a quarrell to another: euen VER 14. And aboue all things put on loue which is the bond of perfection.Our Apoſtle hauing exhortedVER. 15. And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to the which yee are called in one body, and VER 16. Let the word of Chriſt dwell in you plenteouſly in all wiſdome, teaching and admoniſhing youVER. 17. And whatſoeuer ye ſhall doe in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Ieſus, giuing tVER. 17. Wiues ſubmit yourſelues vnto your husbands, as it is comelie in the Lord.The Apoſtle hauingVER. 19. Huſbands loue your wiues, and bee not bitter vnto them.In this verſe the Apoſtle ſets beforVER. 20. Children obey your Parents in all things for that is well-pleaſing to the Lord.The Apoſtle VER. 21. Fathers prouoke not your children to anger, leaſt they be diſcouraged.In this verſe the ApoVER. 22. Seruants bee obedient vnto them that are your Maſters, according to the fleſh, in all thingVER. 23. And whatſoeuer yee doe, doe it hartily, as to the Lord, and not vnto man.The duty of SeruanVER. 24. Knowing that of the Lord ye ſhall receiue the reward of the inheritance: for ye ſerue the LVER. 25. But hee that doth wrong ſhall receiue for the wrong that hee hath done, and there is no reſVERSE I.Yee Maſters, doe vnto your Seruants that which is iuſt and equall, knowing that yee alſo hauVER. 2. Continue in praier, and watch in the ſame with thankeſgiuing.I haue not yet laid foorth the VER. 3. Praying alſo for vs, that God may open vnto vs the doore of vtterance to ſpeake the mysterieVER. 4. That I may vtter it, as it becommeth mee to ſpeake.In this verſe the Apoſtle requires the prVER. 5. Walke wiſely toward them that are without, and redeeme the time.The Apoſtle in this verſe prVER. 6. Let your ſpeach bee gracious alwaies, and powdred with ſalt, that yee may know how to anſwerVER. 7. Tychicus our beloued brother, and faithfull Miniſter, and fellow ſeruant in the Lord, ſhall 
      * Come we now to the deſcription of Oneſimus.
VER. 10 Ariſtarcus my priſon-fellow ſaluteth you, and Marcus Barnabas ſiſters ſonne, (touching whom VER. 12 Epaphras the ſeruant of Chriſt, which is one of you, ſaluteth you, and alwaies ſtriueth for VER. 13 For I beare him record that he hath a great zeale for you, and for them of Laodicea, and theVER. 14. Luke the beloued Phyſitian greeteth you, and Demas.In this Verſe the Apoſtle doth further mVER. 15. Salute the brethren which are of Laodicea, and Nymphas, and the Church which is in his houſVER. 16. And when this Epiſtle is read of you, cauſe that it be read in the Church of the LaodiceansVER. 17. And ſay to Archippus, take heed to the miniſterie that thou haſt receiued in the Lord, thatVER. 18. The ſaluation by the hand of me Paul: Remember my bands. Grace bee with you, Amen.In this V
    _ THE THIRD CHAPTER.
VERS. I.Paul an Apoſtle of Ieſus Chriſt, by the will of God, and Timotheus our brother.THIS Epiſtle VERS. 2. To them which are at Coloſſe, &c.Firſt, touching the parties to whom this Epiſtle was
 writVer. 3VER. 3. We giue thankes to God, &c.In this verſe, the Apoſtle beginnes the preface to his wholNow come we to the fourth verſe. Wherein are laide Ver. 4 before vs the things, for which the ApoſtlVER. 5. For the hopes ſake &c. Ver. 5In this verſe, the Apoſtle doth lay before vs two things. FirſtVER. 6. Which is come vnto you, &c.In this verſe, the Apoſtle proceedes in commendation of the goſpeVER. 7. As ye alſo learned of Epaphras our deare fellow ſeruant, which is for you a faithfull miniſtVER. 8. Who hath alſo declared vnto vs your loue, which ye haue by the Spirit.Come we to the eight vVer. 9VER. 9. For this cauſe wee alſo ſince the day we heard of it, ceaſe not to pray for you, and tVer. 10VER. 10. That ye might walke worthy of the Lord, and pleaſe him in all things, being fruitfulVER. 11. Strengthened with all might through his glorious power; vnto all patience, and long ſufferiVER. 12. Giuing thankes vnto the Father which hath made vs meet to be partakers of the inheritance oVER. 13. Who hath deliuered vs from the power of darkeneſſe, Ver. 13 and hath tranſlated vs vnto theVER. 14. In whom we haue redemption through his bloud that is, the forgiueneſſe of ſinnes.In this veVER. 15. Who is the image of the inuiſible God, the firſt borne of euery creature.The Apoſtle here bVER. 16. For by him were all things created, which are in Ver. 16 Heauen, and which are in earth, thVer. 17VER. 17. And hee is before all things, and in him all things conſiſt.In this verſe are propouVER. 18. And he is the head of the body of the Church: he is the beginning, and the firſt borne of tVER. 19. For it pleaſed the Father that in him ſhould all fulneſſe dwell.The words of this verſe as VER. 20. And by him to reconcile all things vnto himſelfe, and to ſet at peace through the bloud of Ver. 21.22.VER. 21. And you which were in times paſt ſtrangers and enemies, becauſe your mindes wereVer. 22VER. 22. In the body of his fleſh through death, to make you holy and vnblameable, and withouVER. 23. If yee continue, grounded and ſtabliſhed in the faith, and bee not mooued away from the hopVER. 24. Now reioyce I in my ſufferings for you, and fulfill the r•ſt of the afflictions of Chriſt iVER. 25. Whereof I am a Miniſter according to the diſpenſation of God, which is giuen me vnto you waVER. 26. Which is the Myſtery hid ſince the world beganne and from all ages▪ but now is made manifeſVER. 27. To whom God would make knowen, what is the riches of this glorious mystery among the GentilVER. 28. Whom we preach, admoniſhing euery man, and teaching euery man in all wiſedome▪ that we may VER. 29. Whereunto I alſo labour and ſtriue, according to his working, which worketh in me mightily.VERSE 1.For I would ye knew what great fighting I haue for your ſakes, and for them of Laodicea, andVER. 2. That their hearts might be comforted, and they knit together in loue, and in all riches of tVER. 3 In whom are hid all the treaſures of wiſedome and knowledge.In this verſe for the matter of iVER. 4. And this I ſay leſt any man ſhould beguile y•• with entiſing words.In this verſe is laid dowVER. 5. For though I be abſent in the fleſh, yet am I with you in the ſpirit, reioycing and beholdinVER. 6. As yee haue therefore receiued Chriſt Ieſus the Lord, ſo walke in him. &c.This verſe, togethVER. 7. Rooted and built in him, and ſtabliſhed in the faith, as ye haue beene taught, abounding theVER. 8. Beware leaſt there be any man that ſpoyle you through Philoſophy, and vaine deceit, through VER. 9. For in him dwelleth all the fulneſſe of the Godhead bodily.This verſe dependeth on the formeVER. 11. In whom alſo ye are circumciſed with circumciſion made without hands, by putting off the ſiVER. 12. In that yee are buried with him through Baptiſme, in whom yee are alſo rayſed vp together tVER. 13. And yee which were dead in ſinnes, and in the vncircumciſion of your fleſh, hath hee quickeVER. 14. And putting out the handwriting of ordinances that was againſt vs, which was contrary to vsVER. 15. And hath ſpoiled the principalities and powers, and hath made a ſhew of them openly; and haVER. 16. Let no man therefore condemne you in meat & drinke, or in reſpect of an holy day, or of theVER. 17. Which are but a ſhadow of things to come: but the body is in Chriſt.This verſe hath reſpectVER. 18. Let no man at his pleaſure beare rule ouer you, by humbleneſſe of minde, and worſhipping ofVER. 19. And holdeth not the head, whereof all the bodie furniſhed and knit together by ioints and bVER. 20. Wherefore if yee be dead with Chriſt, from the ordinances of the world, why? as though ye lVER. 21. Touch not, taſte not, handle not.In this verſe hee doth ſpecifie their decrees and expreſſeVER. 22. Which all periſh with the vſing, and are after the commandements and doctrine of men.In thiVER. 23. Which things haue indeed a ſhew of wiſedome, in voluntarie religion, and humbleneſſe of minVERSE. 1.If yee then bee riſen with Chriſt, ſeeke thoſe things which are aboue, where Chriſt ſittethVER. 3. Set your affections on things which are aboue, and not on things which are on the earth.In tVER. 3. For yee are dead, and your life is hid with Chriſt in God.The firſt wordes of this verſe, coVER. 4. When Christ which is our life ſhall appeare, then ſhall yee alſo appeare with him in glory.IVER. 5. Mortifie therefore your members which are on the earth, fornication •ncleaneneſſe, the ininoVER. 6. For the which things ſakes, the wrath of God commeth on the children of diſobedience.Vſe. CoVER. 7. Wherein yee alſo walked once, when yee liued in them.In this verſe our Apoſtle vſeth anotherVER. 8. But now put yee away euen all theſe things, wrath, anger, maliciouſneſſe, curſed ſpeaking, fVER. 9. Lie not one to another, ſeeing that yee haue put off the old man with his workes.In this verVER. 10. And haue put on the new, which is renewed in knowledge, after the image of him that createdVER. 11. Where is neither Grecian nor Iew, circumciſion nor vncircumciſion, Barbarian, Scythian, bonVER. 12. Now therefore as the Elect of God, holy, and beloued; put on tender mercy, kindneſſe, humblVER. 13. Forbearing one another, and forgiuing one another, if any haue a quarrell to another: euen VER 14. And aboue all things put on loue which is the bond of perfection.Our Apoſtle hauing exhortedVER. 15. And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to the which yee are called in one body, and VER 16. Let the word of Chriſt dwell in you plenteouſly in all wiſdome, teaching and admoniſhing youVER. 17. And whatſoeuer ye ſhall doe in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Ieſus, giuing tVER. 17. Wiues ſubmit yourſelues vnto your husbands, as it is comelie in the Lord.The Apoſtle hauingVER. 19. Huſbands loue your wiues, and bee not bitter vnto them.In this verſe the Apoſtle ſets beforVER. 20. Children obey your Parents in all things for that is well-pleaſing to the Lord.The Apoſtle VER. 21. Fathers prouoke not your children to anger, leaſt they be diſcouraged.In this verſe the ApoVER. 22. Seruants bee obedient vnto them that are your Maſters, according to the fleſh, in all thingVER. 23. And whatſoeuer yee doe, doe it hartily, as to the Lord, and not vnto man.The duty of SeruanVER. 24. Knowing that of the Lord ye ſhall receiue the reward of the inheritance: for ye ſerue the LVER. 25. But hee that doth wrong ſhall receiue for the wrong that hee hath done, and there is no reſVERSE I.Yee Maſters, doe vnto your Seruants that which is iuſt and equall, knowing that yee alſo hauVER. 2. Continue in praier, and watch in the ſame with thankeſgiuing.I haue not yet laid foorth the VER. 3. Praying alſo for vs, that God may open vnto vs the doore of vtterance to ſpeake the mysterieVER. 4. That I may vtter it, as it becommeth mee to ſpeake.In this verſe the Apoſtle requires the prVER. 5. Walke wiſely toward them that are without, and redeeme the time.The Apoſtle in this verſe prVER. 6. Let your ſpeach bee gracious alwaies, and powdred with ſalt, that yee may know how to anſwerVER. 7. Tychicus our beloued brother, and faithfull Miniſter, and fellow ſeruant in the Lord, ſhall 
      * Come we now to the deſcription of Oneſimus.
VER. 10 Ariſtarcus my priſon-fellow ſaluteth you, and Marcus Barnabas ſiſters ſonne, (touching whom VER. 12 Epaphras the ſeruant of Chriſt, which is one of you, ſaluteth you, and alwaies ſtriueth for VER. 13 For I beare him record that he hath a great zeale for you, and for them of Laodicea, and theVER. 14. Luke the beloued Phyſitian greeteth you, and Demas.In this Verſe the Apoſtle doth further mVER. 15. Salute the brethren which are of Laodicea, and Nymphas, and the Church which is in his houſVER. 16. And when this Epiſtle is read of you, cauſe that it be read in the Church of the LaodiceansVER. 17. And ſay to Archippus, take heed to the miniſterie that thou haſt receiued in the Lord, thatVER. 18. The ſaluation by the hand of me Paul: Remember my bands. Grace bee with you, Amen.In this V
    _ THE FOVRTH CHAPTER.
VERS. I.Paul an Apoſtle of Ieſus Chriſt, by the will of God, and Timotheus our brother.THIS Epiſtle VERS. 2. To them which are at Coloſſe, &c.Firſt, touching the parties to whom this Epiſtle was
 writVer. 3VER. 3. We giue thankes to God, &c.In this verſe, the Apoſtle beginnes the preface to his wholNow come we to the fourth verſe. Wherein are laide Ver. 4 before vs the things, for which the ApoſtlVER. 5. For the hopes ſake &c. Ver. 5In this verſe, the Apoſtle doth lay before vs two things. FirſtVER. 6. Which is come vnto you, &c.In this verſe, the Apoſtle proceedes in commendation of the goſpeVER. 7. As ye alſo learned of Epaphras our deare fellow ſeruant, which is for you a faithfull miniſtVER. 8. Who hath alſo declared vnto vs your loue, which ye haue by the Spirit.Come we to the eight vVer. 9VER. 9. For this cauſe wee alſo ſince the day we heard of it, ceaſe not to pray for you, and tVer. 10VER. 10. That ye might walke worthy of the Lord, and pleaſe him in all things, being fruitfulVER. 11. Strengthened with all might through his glorious power; vnto all patience, and long ſufferiVER. 12. Giuing thankes vnto the Father which hath made vs meet to be partakers of the inheritance oVER. 13. Who hath deliuered vs from the power of darkeneſſe, Ver. 13 and hath tranſlated vs vnto theVER. 14. In whom we haue redemption through his bloud that is, the forgiueneſſe of ſinnes.In this veVER. 15. Who is the image of the inuiſible God, the firſt borne of euery creature.The Apoſtle here bVER. 16. For by him were all things created, which are in Ver. 16 Heauen, and which are in earth, thVer. 17VER. 17. And hee is before all things, and in him all things conſiſt.In this verſe are propouVER. 18. And he is the head of the body of the Church: he is the beginning, and the firſt borne of tVER. 19. For it pleaſed the Father that in him ſhould all fulneſſe dwell.The words of this verſe as VER. 20. And by him to reconcile all things vnto himſelfe, and to ſet at peace through the bloud of Ver. 21.22.VER. 21. And you which were in times paſt ſtrangers and enemies, becauſe your mindes wereVer. 22VER. 22. In the body of his fleſh through death, to make you holy and vnblameable, and withouVER. 23. If yee continue, grounded and ſtabliſhed in the faith, and bee not mooued away from the hopVER. 24. Now reioyce I in my ſufferings for you, and fulfill the r•ſt of the afflictions of Chriſt iVER. 25. Whereof I am a Miniſter according to the diſpenſation of God, which is giuen me vnto you waVER. 26. Which is the Myſtery hid ſince the world beganne and from all ages▪ but now is made manifeſVER. 27. To whom God would make knowen, what is the riches of this glorious mystery among the GentilVER. 28. Whom we preach, admoniſhing euery man, and teaching euery man in all wiſedome▪ that we may VER. 29. Whereunto I alſo labour and ſtriue, according to his working, which worketh in me mightily.VERSE 1.For I would ye knew what great fighting I haue for your ſakes, and for them of Laodicea, andVER. 2. That their hearts might be comforted, and they knit together in loue, and in all riches of tVER. 3 In whom are hid all the treaſures of wiſedome and knowledge.In this verſe for the matter of iVER. 4. And this I ſay leſt any man ſhould beguile y•• with entiſing words.In this verſe is laid dowVER. 5. For though I be abſent in the fleſh, yet am I with you in the ſpirit, reioycing and beholdinVER. 6. As yee haue therefore receiued Chriſt Ieſus the Lord, ſo walke in him. &c.This verſe, togethVER. 7. Rooted and built in him, and ſtabliſhed in the faith, as ye haue beene taught, abounding theVER. 8. Beware leaſt there be any man that ſpoyle you through Philoſophy, and vaine deceit, through VER. 9. For in him dwelleth all the fulneſſe of the Godhead bodily.This verſe dependeth on the formeVER. 11. In whom alſo ye are circumciſed with circumciſion made without hands, by putting off the ſiVER. 12. In that yee are buried with him through Baptiſme, in whom yee are alſo rayſed vp together tVER. 13. And yee which were dead in ſinnes, and in the vncircumciſion of your fleſh, hath hee quickeVER. 14. And putting out the handwriting of ordinances that was againſt vs, which was contrary to vsVER. 15. And hath ſpoiled the principalities and powers, and hath made a ſhew of them openly; and haVER. 16. Let no man therefore condemne you in meat & drinke, or in reſpect of an holy day, or of theVER. 17. Which are but a ſhadow of things to come: but the body is in Chriſt.This verſe hath reſpectVER. 18. Let no man at his pleaſure beare rule ouer you, by humbleneſſe of minde, and worſhipping ofVER. 19. And holdeth not the head, whereof all the bodie furniſhed and knit together by ioints and bVER. 20. Wherefore if yee be dead with Chriſt, from the ordinances of the world, why? as though ye lVER. 21. Touch not, taſte not, handle not.In this verſe hee doth ſpecifie their decrees and expreſſeVER. 22. Which all periſh with the vſing, and are after the commandements and doctrine of men.In thiVER. 23. Which things haue indeed a ſhew of wiſedome, in voluntarie religion, and humbleneſſe of minVERSE. 1.If yee then bee riſen with Chriſt, ſeeke thoſe things which are aboue, where Chriſt ſittethVER. 3. Set your affections on things which are aboue, and not on things which are on the earth.In tVER. 3. For yee are dead, and your life is hid with Chriſt in God.The firſt wordes of this verſe, coVER. 4. When Christ which is our life ſhall appeare, then ſhall yee alſo appeare with him in glory.IVER. 5. Mortifie therefore your members which are on the earth, fornication •ncleaneneſſe, the ininoVER. 6. For the which things ſakes, the wrath of God commeth on the children of diſobedience.Vſe. CoVER. 7. Wherein yee alſo walked once, when yee liued in them.In this verſe our Apoſtle vſeth anotherVER. 8. But now put yee away euen all theſe things, wrath, anger, maliciouſneſſe, curſed ſpeaking, fVER. 9. Lie not one to another, ſeeing that yee haue put off the old man with his workes.In this verVER. 10. And haue put on the new, which is renewed in knowledge, after the image of him that createdVER. 11. Where is neither Grecian nor Iew, circumciſion nor vncircumciſion, Barbarian, Scythian, bonVER. 12. Now therefore as the Elect of God, holy, and beloued; put on tender mercy, kindneſſe, humblVER. 13. Forbearing one another, and forgiuing one another, if any haue a quarrell to another: euen VER 14. And aboue all things put on loue which is the bond of perfection.Our Apoſtle hauing exhortedVER. 15. And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to the which yee are called in one body, and VER 16. Let the word of Chriſt dwell in you plenteouſly in all wiſdome, teaching and admoniſhing youVER. 17. And whatſoeuer ye ſhall doe in word or deed, do all in the name of the Lord Ieſus, giuing tVER. 17. Wiues ſubmit yourſelues vnto your husbands, as it is comelie in the Lord.The Apoſtle hauingVER. 19. Huſbands loue your wiues, and bee not bitter vnto them.In this verſe the Apoſtle ſets beforVER. 20. Children obey your Parents in all things for that is well-pleaſing to the Lord.The Apoſtle VER. 21. Fathers prouoke not your children to anger, leaſt they be diſcouraged.In this verſe the ApoVER. 22. Seruants bee obedient vnto them that are your Maſters, according to the fleſh, in all thingVER. 23. And whatſoeuer yee doe, doe it hartily, as to the Lord, and not vnto man.The duty of SeruanVER. 24. Knowing that of the Lord ye ſhall receiue the reward of the inheritance: for ye ſerue the LVER. 25. But hee that doth wrong ſhall receiue for the wrong that hee hath done, and there is no reſVERSE I.Yee Maſters, doe vnto your Seruants that which is iuſt and equall, knowing that yee alſo hauVER. 2. Continue in praier, and watch in the ſame with thankeſgiuing.I haue not yet laid foorth the VER. 3. Praying alſo for vs, that God may open vnto vs the doore of vtterance to ſpeake the mysterieVER. 4. That I may vtter it, as it becommeth mee to ſpeake.In this verſe the Apoſtle requires the prVER. 5. Walke wiſely toward them that are without, and redeeme the time.The Apoſtle in this verſe prVER. 6. Let your ſpeach bee gracious alwaies, and powdred with ſalt, that yee may know how to anſwerVER. 7. Tychicus our beloued brother, and faithfull Miniſter, and fellow ſeruant in the Lord, ſhall 
      * Come we now to the deſcription of Oneſimus.
VER. 10 Ariſtarcus my priſon-fellow ſaluteth you, and Marcus Barnabas ſiſters ſonne, (touching whom VER. 12 Epaphras the ſeruant of Chriſt, which is one of you, ſaluteth you, and alwaies ſtriueth for VER. 13 For I beare him record that he hath a great zeale for you, and for them of Laodicea, and theVER. 14. Luke the beloued Phyſitian greeteth you, and Demas.In this Verſe the Apoſtle doth further mVER. 15. Salute the brethren which are of Laodicea, and Nymphas, and the Church which is in his houſVER. 16. And when this Epiſtle is read of you, cauſe that it be read in the Church of the LaodiceansVER. 17. And ſay to Archippus, take heed to the miniſterie that thou haſt receiued in the Lord, thatVER. 18. The ſaluation by the hand of me Paul: Remember my bands. Grace bee with you, Amen.In this V
**Types of content**

  * There are 7 **verse** lines!
  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 681 **omitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (681) : illegible (621), foreign (48), duplicate (8), missing (1), illegible: missing (3)  •  @__resp__ (621) : #KEYERS (617), #MURP (4)  •  @__extent__ (634) : 1 letter (493), 2 letters (62), 3 letters (17), 1 word (34), 4 letters (8), 1 span (11), 1 page (8), 8 pages (1)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|Latin-1 Supplement|ôî|244 238|
|Latin Extended-A|ſ|383|
|Latin Extended-B|Ʋ|434|
|Combining             Diacritical Marks|̄|772|
|General Punctuation|•…—|8226 8230 8212|
|Mathematical Operators|∣|8739|
|Geometric Shapes|◊▪|9674 9642|
|Miscellaneous Symbols|☞☜|9758 9756|
|CJKSymbolsandPunctuation|〈〉|12296 12297|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|2||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__change__|5||
|5.|__date__|8| @__when__ (1) : 2014-11 (1)|
|6.|__edition__|1||
|7.|__editionStmt__|1||
|8.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|9.|__encodingDesc__|1||
|10.|__extent__|2||
|11.|__fileDesc__|1||
|12.|__idno__|6| @__type__ (6) : DLPS (1), STC (2), EEBO-CITATION (1), PROQUEST (1), VID (1)|
|13.|__keywords__|1| @__scheme__ (1) : http://authorities.loc.gov/ (1)|
|14.|__label__|5||
|15.|__langUsage__|1||
|16.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|17.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|18.|__note__|6||
|19.|__notesStmt__|2||
|20.|__p__|11||
|21.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|22.|__profileDesc__|1||
|23.|__projectDesc__|1||
|24.|__pubPlace__|2||
|25.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|26.|__publisher__|2||
|27.|__ref__|1| @__target__ (1) : http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1)|
|28.|__revisionDesc__|1||
|29.|__seriesStmt__|1||
|30.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|31.|__term__|1||
|32.|__textClass__|1||
|33.|__title__|3||
|34.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__bibl__|98||
|2.|__body__|1||
|3.|__closer__|2||
|4.|__date__|1||
|5.|__dateline__|1||
|6.|__desc__|681||
|7.|__div__|101| @__type__ (101) : title_page (1), dedication (1), index (1), errata (1), sermons (1), chapter (4), verse (92)  •  @__n__ (96) : 1 (3), I (2), 2 (4), 3 (6), 4 (5), 5 (4), 6 (4), 7 (4), 8 (3), 9 (4), 10 (3), 11 (3), 12 (4), 13 (4), 14 (4), 15 (4), 16 (4), 17 (5), 18 (3), 19 (3), 20 (3), 21 (3), 22 (3), 23 (3), 24 (2), 25 (2), 26 (1), 27 (1), 28 (1), 29 (1)|
|8.|__epigraph__|91||
|9.|__figure__|1||
|10.|__front__|1||
|11.|__g__|12435| @__ref__ (12435) : char:EOLhyphen (11991), char:EOLunhyphen (148), char:cmbAbbrStroke (223), char:punc (66), char:V (7)|
|12.|__gap__|681| @__reason__ (681) : illegible (621), foreign (48), duplicate (8), missing (1), illegible: missing (3)  •  @__resp__ (621) : #KEYERS (617), #MURP (4)  •  @__extent__ (634) : 1 letter (493), 2 letters (62), 3 letters (17), 1 word (34), 4 letters (8), 1 span (11), 1 page (8), 8 pages (1)|
|13.|__head__|32||
|14.|__hi__|4606| @__rend__ (5) : sup (5)|
|15.|__item__|760||
|16.|__l__|7||
|17.|__label__|1913| @__type__ (1910) : milestone (1910)|
|18.|__list__|72||
|19.|__milestone__|326| @__type__ (326) : tcpmilestone (326)  •  @__unit__ (326) : unspecified (326)  •  @__n__ (326) : 1 (126), 2 (125), 3 (53), 4 (15), 5 (4), 0 (1), 6 (1), 7 (1)|
|20.|__note__|2616| @__place__ (2616) : margin (2616)|
|21.|__p__|4108| @__n__ (24) : 2 (11), 1 (11), 3 (2)|
|22.|__pb__|1508| @__facs__ (1508) : tcp:490:1 (2), tcp:490:2 (2), tcp:490:3 (2), tcp:490:4 (2), tcp:490:5 (2), tcp:490:6 (2), tcp:490:7 (2), tcp:490:8 (2), tcp:490:9 (2), tcp:490:10 (2), tcp:490:11 (2), tcp:490:12 (2), tcp:490:13 (2), tcp:490:14 (2), tcp:490:15 (2), tcp:490:16 (2), tcp:490:17 (2), tcp:490:18 (2), tcp:490:19 (2), tcp:490:20 (2), tcp:490:21 (2), tcp:490:22 (2), tcp:490:23 (2), tcp:490:24 (2), tcp:490:25 (2), tcp:490:26 (2), tcp:490:27 (2), tcp:490:28 (2), tcp:490:29 (2), tcp:490:30 (2), tcp:490:31 (2), tcp:490:32 (2), tcp:490:33 (2), tcp:490:34 (2), tcp:490:35 (2), tcp:490:36 (2), tcp:490:37 (2), tcp:490:38 (2), tcp:490:39 (2), tcp:490:40 (2), tcp:490:41 (2), tcp:490:42 (2), tcp:490:43 (2), tcp:490:44 (2), tcp:490:45 (2), tcp:490:46 (2), tcp:490:47 (2), tcp:490:48 (2), tcp:490:49 (2), tcp:490:50 (2), tcp:490:51 (2), tcp:490:52 (2), tcp:490:53 (2), tcp:490:54 (2), tcp:490:55 (2), tcp:490:56 (2), tcp:490:57 (2), tcp:490:58 (2), tcp:490:59 (2), tcp:490:60 (2), tcp:490:61 (2), tcp:490:62 (2), tcp:490:63 (2), tcp:490:64 (2), tcp:490:65 (2), tcp:490:66 (2), tcp:490:67 (2), tcp:490:68 (2), tcp:490:69 (2), tcp:490:70 (2), tcp:490:71 (2), tcp:490:72 (2), tcp:490:73 (2), tcp:490:74 (2), tcp:490:75 (2), tcp:490:76 (2), tcp:490:77 (2), tcp:490:78 (2), tcp:490:79 (2), tcp:490:80 (2), tcp:490:81 (2), tcp:490:82 (2), tcp:490:83 (2), tcp:490:84 (2), tcp:490:85 (2), tcp:490:86 (2), tcp:490:87 (2), tcp:490:88 (2), tcp:490:89 (2), tcp:490:90 (2), tcp:490:91 (2), tcp:490:92 (2), tcp:490:93 (2), tcp:490:94 (2), tcp:490:95 (2), tcp:490:96 (2), tcp:490:97 (2), tcp:490:98 (2), tcp:490:99 (2), tcp:490:100 (2), tcp:490:101 (2), tcp:490:102 (2), tcp:490:103 (2), tcp:490:104 (2), tcp:490:105 (2), tcp:490:106 (2), tcp:490:107 (2), tcp:490:108 (2), tcp:490:109 (2), tcp:490:110 (2), tcp:490:111 (2), tcp:490:112 (2), tcp:490:113 (2), tcp:490:114 (2), tcp:490:115 (2), tcp:490:116 (2), tcp:490:117 (2), tcp:490:118 (2), tcp:490:119 (2), tcp:490:120 (2), tcp:490:121 (2), tcp:490:122 (2), tcp:490:123 (2), tcp:490:124 (2), tcp:490:125 (2), tcp:490:126 (2), tcp:490:127 (2), tcp:490:128 (2), tcp:490:129 (2), tcp:490:130 (2), tcp:490:131 (2), tcp:490:132 (2), tcp:490:133 (2), tcp:490:134 (2), tcp:490:135 (2), tcp:490:136 (2), tcp:490:137 (2), tcp:490:138 (2), tcp:490:139 (2), tcp:490:140 (2), tcp:490:141 (2), tcp:490:142 (2), tcp:490:143 (2), tcp:490:144 (2), tcp:490:145 (2), tcp:490:146 (2), tcp:490:147 (2), tcp:490:148 (2), tcp:490:149 (2), tcp:490:150 (2), tcp:490:151 (2), tcp:490:152 (2), tcp:490:153 (2), tcp:490:154 (2), tcp:490:155 (2), tcp:490:156 (2), tcp:490:157 (2), tcp:490:158 (2), tcp:490:159 (2), tcp:490:160 (2), tcp:490:161 (2), tcp:490:162 (2), tcp:490:163 (2), tcp:490:164 (2), tcp:490:165 (2), tcp:490:166 (2), tcp:490:167 (2), tcp:490:168 (2), tcp:490:169 (2), tcp:490:170 (2), tcp:490:171 (2), tcp:490:172 (2), tcp:490:173 (2), tcp:490:174 (2), tcp:490:175 (2), tcp:490:176 (2), tcp:490:177 (2), tcp:490:178 (2), tcp:490:179 (2), tcp:490:180 (2), tcp:490:181 (2), tcp:490:182 (2), tcp:490:183 (2), tcp:490:184 (2), tcp:490:185 (2), tcp:490:186 (2), tcp:490:187 (2), tcp:490:188 (2), tcp:490:189 (2), tcp:490:190 (2), tcp:490:191 (2), tcp:490:192 (2), tcp:490:193 (2), tcp:490:194 (2), tcp:490:195 (2), tcp:490:196 (2), tcp:490:197 (2), tcp:490:198 (2), tcp:490:199 (2), tcp:490:200 (2), tcp:490:201 (2), tcp:490:202 (2), tcp:490:203 (2), tcp:490:204 (2), tcp:490:205 (2), tcp:490:206 (2), tcp:490:207 (2), tcp:490:208 (2), tcp:490:209 (2), tcp:490:210 (2), tcp:490:211 (2), tcp:490:212 (2), tcp:490:213 (2), tcp:490:214 (2), tcp:490:215 (2), tcp:490:216 (2), tcp:490:217 (2), tcp:490:218 (2), tcp:490:219 (2), tcp:490:220 (2), tcp:490:221 (2), tcp:490:222 (2), tcp:490:223 (2), tcp:490:224 (2), tcp:490:225 (2), tcp:490:226 (2), tcp:490:227 (2), tcp:490:228 (2), tcp:490:229 (2), tcp:490:230 (2), tcp:490:231 (2), tcp:490:232 (2), tcp:490:233 (2), tcp:490:234 (2), tcp:490:235 (2), tcp:490:236 (2), tcp:490:237 (2), tcp:490:238 (2), tcp:490:239 (2), tcp:490:240 (2), tcp:490:241 (2), tcp:490:242 (2), tcp:490:243 (2), tcp:490:244 (2), tcp:490:245 (2), tcp:490:246 (2), tcp:490:247 (2), tcp:490:248 (2), tcp:490:249 (2), tcp:490:250 (2), tcp:490:251 (2), tcp:490:252 (2), tcp:490:253 (2), tcp:490:254 (2), tcp:490:255 (2), tcp:490:256 (2), tcp:490:257 (2), tcp:490:258 (2), tcp:490:259 (2), tcp:490:260 (2), tcp:490:261 (2), tcp:490:262 (2), tcp:490:263 (2), tcp:490:264 (2), tcp:490:265 (2), tcp:490:266 (2), tcp:490:267 (2), tcp:490:268 (2), tcp:490:269 (2), tcp:490:270 (2), tcp:490:271 (2), tcp:490:272 (2), tcp:490:273 (2), tcp:490:274 (2), tcp:490:275 (2), tcp:490:276 (2), tcp:490:277 (2), tcp:490:278 (2), tcp:490:279 (2), tcp:490:280 (2), tcp:490:281 (2), tcp:490:282 (2), tcp:490:283 (2), tcp:490:284 (2), tcp:490:285 (2), tcp:490:286 (2), tcp:490:287 (2), tcp:490:288 (2), tcp:490:289 (2), tcp:490:290 (2), tcp:490:291 (2), tcp:490:292 (2), tcp:490:293 (2), tcp:490:294 (2), tcp:490:295 (2), tcp:490:296 (2), tcp:490:297 (2), tcp:490:298 (2), tcp:490:299 (2), tcp:490:300 (2), tcp:490:301 (2), tcp:490:302 (2), tcp:490:303 (2), tcp:490:304 (2), tcp:490:305 (2), tcp:490:306 (2), tcp:490:307 (2), tcp:490:308 (2), tcp:490:309 (2), tcp:490:310 (2), tcp:490:311 (2), tcp:490:312 (2), tcp:490:313 (2), tcp:490:314 (2), tcp:490:315 (2), tcp:490:316 (2), tcp:490:317 (2), tcp:490:318 (2), tcp:490:319 (2), tcp:490:320 (2), tcp:490:321 (2), tcp:490:322 (2), tcp:490:323 (2), tcp:490:324 (2), tcp:490:325 (2), tcp:490:326 (2), tcp:490:327 (2), tcp:490:328 (2), tcp:490:329 (2), tcp:490:330 (2), tcp:490:331 (2), tcp:490:332 (2), tcp:490:333 (2), tcp:490:334 (2), tcp:490:335 (2), tcp:490:336 (2), tcp:490:337 (2), tcp:490:338 (2), tcp:490:339 (2), tcp:490:340 (2), tcp:490:341 (2), tcp:490:342 (2), tcp:490:343 (2), tcp:490:344 (2), tcp:490:345 (2), tcp:490:346 (2), tcp:490:347 (2), tcp:490:348 (2), tcp:490:349 (2), tcp:490:350 (2), tcp:490:351 (2), tcp:490:352 (2), tcp:490:353 (2), tcp:490:354 (2), tcp:490:355 (2), tcp:490:356 (2), tcp:490:357 (2), tcp:490:358 (2), tcp:490:359 (2), tcp:490:360 (2), tcp:490:361 (2), tcp:490:362 (2), tcp:490:363 (2), tcp:490:364 (2), tcp:490:365 (2), tcp:490:366 (2), tcp:490:367 (2), tcp:490:368 (2), tcp:490:369 (2), tcp:490:370 (2), tcp:490:371 (2), tcp:490:372 (2), tcp:490:373 (2), tcp:490:374 (2), tcp:490:375 (2), tcp:490:376 (2), tcp:490:377 (2), tcp:490:378 (2), tcp:490:379 (2), tcp:490:380 (2), tcp:490:381 (2), tcp:490:382 (2), tcp:490:383 (2), tcp:490:384 (2), tcp:490:385 (2), tcp:490:386 (2), tcp:490:387 (2), tcp:490:388 (2), tcp:490:389 (2), tcp:490:390 (2), tcp:490:391 (2), tcp:490:392 (2), tcp:490:393 (2), tcp:490:394 (2), tcp:490:395 (2), tcp:490:396 (2), tcp:490:397 (2), tcp:490:398 (2), tcp:490:399 (2), tcp:490:400 (2), tcp:490:401 (2), tcp:490:402 (2), tcp:490:403 (2), tcp:490:404 (2), tcp:490:405 (2), tcp:490:406 (2), tcp:490:407 (2), tcp:490:408 (2), tcp:490:409 (2), tcp:490:410 (2), tcp:490:411 (2), tcp:490:412 (2), tcp:490:413 (2), tcp:490:414 (2), tcp:490:415 (2), tcp:490:416 (2), tcp:490:417 (2), tcp:490:418 (2), tcp:490:419 (2), tcp:490:420 (2), tcp:490:421 (2), tcp:490:422 (2), tcp:490:423 (2), tcp:490:424 (2), tcp:490:425 (2), tcp:490:426 (2), tcp:490:427 (2), tcp:490:428 (2), tcp:490:429 (2), tcp:490:430 (2), tcp:490:431 (2), tcp:490:432 (2), tcp:490:433 (2), tcp:490:434 (2), tcp:490:435 (2), tcp:490:436 (2), tcp:490:437 (2), tcp:490:438 (2), tcp:490:439 (2), tcp:490:440 (2), tcp:490:441 (2), tcp:490:442 (2), tcp:490:443 (2), tcp:490:444 (2), tcp:490:445 (2), tcp:490:446 (2), tcp:490:447 (2), tcp:490:448 (2), tcp:490:449 (2), tcp:490:450 (2), tcp:490:451 (2), tcp:490:452 (2), tcp:490:453 (2), tcp:490:454 (2), tcp:490:455 (2), tcp:490:456 (2), tcp:490:457 (2), tcp:490:458 (2), tcp:490:459 (2), tcp:490:460 (2), tcp:490:461 (2), tcp:490:462 (2), tcp:490:463 (2), tcp:490:464 (2), tcp:490:465 (2), tcp:490:466 (2), tcp:490:467 (2), tcp:490:468 (2), tcp:490:469 (2), tcp:490:470 (2), tcp:490:471 (2), tcp:490:472 (2), tcp:490:473 (2), tcp:490:474 (2), tcp:490:475 (2), tcp:490:476 (2), tcp:490:477 (2), tcp:490:478 (2), tcp:490:479 (2), tcp:490:480 (2), tcp:490:481 (2), tcp:490:482 (2), tcp:490:483 (2), tcp:490:484 (2), tcp:490:485 (2), tcp:490:486 (2), tcp:490:487 (2), tcp:490:488 (2), tcp:490:489 (2), tcp:490:490 (2), tcp:490:491 (2), tcp:490:492 (2), tcp:490:493 (2), tcp:490:494 (2), tcp:490:495 (2), tcp:490:496 (2), tcp:490:497 (2), tcp:490:498 (2), tcp:490:499 (2), tcp:490:500 (2), tcp:490:501 (2), tcp:490:502 (2), tcp:490:503 (2), tcp:490:504 (2), tcp:490:505 (2), tcp:490:506 (2), tcp:490:507 (2), tcp:490:508 (2), tcp:490:509 (2), tcp:490:510 (2), tcp:490:511 (2), tcp:490:512 (2), tcp:490:513 (2), tcp:490:514 (2), tcp:490:515 (2), tcp:490:516 (2), tcp:490:517 (2), tcp:490:518 (2), tcp:490:519 (2), tcp:490:520 (2), tcp:490:521 (2), tcp:490:522 (2), tcp:490:523 (2), tcp:490:524 (2), tcp:490:525 (2), tcp:490:526 (2), tcp:490:527 (2), tcp:490:528 (2), tcp:490:529 (2), tcp:490:530 (2), tcp:490:531 (2), tcp:490:532 (2), tcp:490:533 (2), tcp:490:534 (2), tcp:490:535 (2), tcp:490:536 (2), tcp:490:537 (2), tcp:490:538 (2), tcp:490:539 (2), tcp:490:540 (2), tcp:490:541 (2), tcp:490:542 (2), tcp:490:543 (2), tcp:490:544 (2), tcp:490:545 (2), tcp:490:546 (2), tcp:490:547 (2), tcp:490:548 (2), tcp:490:549 (2), tcp:490:550 (2), tcp:490:551 (2), tcp:490:552 (2), tcp:490:553 (2), tcp:490:554 (2), tcp:490:555 (2), tcp:490:556 (2), tcp:490:557 (2), tcp:490:558 (2), tcp:490:559 (2), tcp:490:560 (2), tcp:490:561 (2), tcp:490:562 (2), tcp:490:563 (2), tcp:490:564 (2), tcp:490:565 (2), tcp:490:566 (2), tcp:490:567 (2), tcp:490:568 (2), tcp:490:569 (2), tcp:490:570 (2), tcp:490:571 (2), tcp:490:572 (2), tcp:490:573 (2), tcp:490:574 (2), tcp:490:575 (2), tcp:490:576 (2), tcp:490:577 (2), tcp:490:578 (2), tcp:490:579 (2), tcp:490:580 (2), tcp:490:581 (2), tcp:490:582 (2), tcp:490:583 (2), tcp:490:584 (2), tcp:490:585 (2), tcp:490:586 (2), tcp:490:587 (2), tcp:490:588 (2), tcp:490:589 (2), tcp:490:590 (2), tcp:490:591 (2), tcp:490:592 (2), tcp:490:593 (2), tcp:490:594 (2), tcp:490:595 (2), tcp:490:596 (2), tcp:490:597 (2), tcp:490:598 (2), tcp:490:599 (2), tcp:490:600 (2), tcp:490:601 (2), tcp:490:602 (2), tcp:490:603 (2), tcp:490:604 (2), tcp:490:605 (2), tcp:490:606 (2), tcp:490:607 (2), tcp:490:608 (2), tcp:490:609 (2), tcp:490:610 (2), tcp:490:611 (2), tcp:490:612 (2), tcp:490:613 (2), tcp:490:614 (2), tcp:490:615 (2), tcp:490:616 (2), tcp:490:617 (2), tcp:490:618 (2), tcp:490:619 (2), tcp:490:620 (2), tcp:490:621 (2), tcp:490:622 (2), tcp:490:623 (2), tcp:490:624 (2), tcp:490:625 (2), tcp:490:626 (2), tcp:490:627 (2), tcp:490:628 (2), tcp:490:629 (2), tcp:490:630 (2), tcp:490:631 (2), tcp:490:632 (2), tcp:490:633 (2), tcp:490:634 (2), tcp:490:635 (2), tcp:490:636 (2), tcp:490:637 (2), tcp:490:638 (2), tcp:490:639 (2), tcp:490:640 (2), tcp:490:641 (2), tcp:490:642 (2), tcp:490:643 (2), tcp:490:644 (2), tcp:490:645 (2), tcp:490:646 (2), tcp:490:647 (2), tcp:490:648 (2), tcp:490:649 (2), tcp:490:650 (2), tcp:490:651 (2), tcp:490:652 (2), tcp:490:653 (2), tcp:490:654 (2), tcp:490:655 (2), tcp:490:656 (2), tcp:490:657 (2), tcp:490:658 (2), tcp:490:659 (2), tcp:490:660 (2), tcp:490:661 (2), tcp:490:662 (2), tcp:490:663 (2), tcp:490:664 (2), tcp:490:665 (2), tcp:490:666 (2), tcp:490:667 (2), tcp:490:668 (2), tcp:490:669 (2), tcp:490:670 (2), tcp:490:671 (2), tcp:490:672 (2), tcp:490:673 (2), tcp:490:674 (2), tcp:490:675 (2), tcp:490:676 (2), tcp:490:677 (2), tcp:490:678 (2), tcp:490:679 (2), tcp:490:680 (2), tcp:490:681 (2), tcp:490:682 (2), tcp:490:683 (2), tcp:490:684 (2), tcp:490:685 (2), tcp:490:686 (2), tcp:490:687 (2), tcp:490:688 (2), tcp:490:689 (2), tcp:490:690 (2), tcp:490:691 (2), tcp:490:692 (2), tcp:490:693 (2), tcp:490:694 (2), tcp:490:695 (2), tcp:490:696 (2), tcp:490:697 (2), tcp:490:698 (2), tcp:490:699 (2), tcp:490:700 (2), tcp:490:701 (2), tcp:490:702 (2), tcp:490:703 (2), tcp:490:704 (2), tcp:490:705 (2), tcp:490:706 (2), tcp:490:707 (2), tcp:490:708 (2), tcp:490:709 (2), tcp:490:710 (2), tcp:490:711 (2), tcp:490:712 (2), tcp:490:713 (2), tcp:490:714 (2), tcp:490:715 (2), tcp:490:716 (2), tcp:490:717 (2), tcp:490:718 (2), tcp:490:719 (2), tcp:490:720 (2), tcp:490:721 (2), tcp:490:722 (2), tcp:490:723 (2), tcp:490:724 (2), tcp:490:725 (2), tcp:490:726 (2), tcp:490:727 (2), tcp:490:728 (2), tcp:490:729 (2), tcp:490:730 (2), tcp:490:731 (2), tcp:490:732 (2), tcp:490:733 (2), tcp:490:734 (2), tcp:490:735 (2), tcp:490:736 (2), tcp:490:737 (2), tcp:490:738 (2), tcp:490:739 (2), tcp:490:740 (2), tcp:490:741 (2), tcp:490:742 (2), tcp:490:743 (2), tcp:490:744 (2), tcp:490:745 (2), tcp:490:746 (2), tcp:490:747 (2), tcp:490:748 (2), tcp:490:749 (2), tcp:490:750 (2), tcp:490:751 (2), tcp:490:752 (2), tcp:490:753 (2), tcp:490:754 (2)  •  @__n__ (1477) : 1 (1), 2 (1), 3 (1), 4 (1), 5 (1), 6 (1), 7 (1), 8 (1), 9 (1), 10 (1), 11 (1), 12 (1), 13 (1), 14 (1), 15 (1), 16 (1), 17 (1), 19 (1), 18 (1), 20 (1), 21 (1), 22 (1), 23 (1), 24 (1), 25 (1), 26 (1), 27 (1), 28 (1), 29 (1), 30 (1), 31 (1), 32 (1), 33 (1), 34 (1), 35 (1), 36 (1), 37 (1), 38 (1), 39 (1), 40 (1), 41 (1), 42 (1), 43 (1), 44 (1), 45 (1), 46 (1), 47 (1), 48 (1), 49 (1), 50 (1), 51 (1), 52 (1), 53 (1), 54 (1), 55 (1), 56 (1), 57 (1), 58 (1), 59 (1), 60 (1), 64 (1), 62 (1), 63 (1), 61 (1), 65 (1), 66 (1), 67 (1), 68 (1), 69 (1), 70 (1), 71 (1), 72 (1), 73 (1), 74 (1), 75 (1), 76 (1), 77 (1), 78 (1), 79 (1), 80 (1), 81 (1), 82 (1), 83 (1), 84 (1), 85 (1), 86 (1), 87 (1), 88 (1), 89 (1), 90 (1), 91 (1), 92 (1), 93 (1), 94 (1), 95 (1), 96 (1), 97 (1), 98 (1), 99 (1), 100 (1), 101 (1), 102 (1), 103 (1), 104 (1), 105 (1), 106 (1), 107 (1), 108 (1), 109 (1), 110 (1), 111 (1), 112 (1), 113 (1), 114 (1), 115 (1), 116 (1), 117 (1), 118 (1), 119 (2), 120 (1), 121 (1), 122 (1), 123 (1), 124 (1), 141 (2), 126 (1), 127 (1), 144 (1), 129 (1), 230 (2), 231 (2), 132 (1), 133 (1), 134 (1), 135 (1), 136 (1), 137 (2), 138 (1), 139 (1), 140 (2), 242 (2), 243 (2), 145 (1), 146 (1), 147 (1), 148 (1), 149 (1), 150 (1), 151 (1), 152 (1), 153 (1), 154 (1), 155 (1), 156 (1), 157 (1), 158 (1), 159 (1), 160 (1), 161 (1), 162 (1), 163 (1), 164 (1), 165 (1), 166 (1), 167 (1), 168 (1), 169 (1), 170 (1), 171 (1), 172 (1), 173 (1), 174 (1), 275 (2), 176 (1), 177 (1), 178 (1), 179 (1), 180 (1), 181 (1), 182 (1), 183 (1), 184 (1), 185 (1), 186 (1), 187 (1), 188 (1), 189 (1), 190 (1), 191 (1), 192 (1), 193 (1), 194 (1), 195 (1), 196 (1), 197 (1), 198 (1), 199 (1), 200 (1), 201 (1), 202 (1), 203 (1), 204 (1), 205 (1), 206 (1), 207 (1), 208 (1), 209 (1), 210 (1), 211 (1), 212 (1), 213 (1), 214 (1), 215 (1), 216 (1), 217 (1), 218 (1), 219 (1), 220 (1), 221 (1), 222 (1), 223 (1), 224 (1), 225 (1), 226 (1), 227 (1), 228 (1), 229 (1), 232 (1), 233 (1), 234 (1), 235 (1), 236 (1), 237 (1), 238 (2), 239 (2), 240 (1), 241 (1), 244 (1), 245 (1), 246 (1), 247 (1), 248 (1), 249 (1), 252 (2), 253 (2), 254 (1), 255 (1), 256 (1), 257 (1), 258 (1), 259 (1), 260 (1), 261 (1), 262 (1), 263 (1), 264 (1), 265 (1), 266 (1), 267 (1), 268 (1), 269 (1), 270 (1), 271 (1), 272 (1), 273 (1), 274 (1), 276 (1), 277 (1), 278 (1), 279 (1), 280 (1), 281 (1), 282 (1), 283 (1), 284 (1), 285 (1), 286 (1), 287 (1), 288 (1), 289 (1), 290 (1), 291 (1), 292 (1), 293 (1), 294 (1), 295 (1), 296 (1), 297 (1), 298 (1), 299 (1), 300 (1), 301 (1), 302 (1), 303 (1), 304 (1), 305 (1), 306 (1), 307 (1), 308 (1), 309 (1), 310 (1), 311 (1), 312 (1), 313 (1), 314 (1), 315 (1), 316 (1), 317 (1), 318 (1), 319 (1), 320 (1), 321 (1), 322 (1), 323 (1), 324 (1), 325 (1), 326 (1), 327 (1), 328 (1), 329 (1), 330 (1), 331 (1), 332 (1), 333 (1), 334 (1), 335 (1), 336 (1), 337 (1), 338 (1), 339 (1), 340 (1), 357 (2), 342 (1), 343 (1), 360 (2), 361 (2), 346 (1), 347 (1), 364 (2), 349 (1), 350 (1), 351 (1), 352 (1), 353 (1), 355 (2), 356 (1), 358 (1), 359 (1), 362 (1), 363 (1), 365 (1), 366 (1), 367 (1), 368 (1), 369 (1), 370 (1), 371 (1), 372 (1), 373 (1), 374 (1), 375 (1), 376 (1), 377 (1), 378 (1), 379 (1), 380 (1), 381 (1), 382 (1), 383 (1), 384 (1), 385 (1), 386 (1), 387 (1), 388 (1), 389 (1), 390 (1), 391 (1), 392 (1), 393 (1), 394 (1), 395 (1), 396 (1), 397 (1), 398 (1), 399 (1), 400 (1), 401 (1), 402 (2), 403 (2), 404 (1), 405 (1), 406 (1), 407 (1), 408 (1), 409 (1), 410 (1), 411 (1), 412 (1), 413 (1), 414 (1), 415 (1), 416 (1), 417 (1), 418 (1), 419 (1), 420 (1), 421 (1), 422 (1), 423 (1), 424 (1), 425 (1), 428 (1), 429 (1), 430 (1), 431 (1), 432 (1), 433 (1), 434 (1), 435 (1), 436 (1), 437 (1), 438 (1), 439 (1), 440 (1), 441 (1), 442 (1), 443 (1), 444 (1), 445 (1), 446 (1), 447 (1), 448 (1), 449 (1), 450 (1), 451 (1), 452 (1), 453 (1), 454 (1), 455 (1), 456 (1), 457 (1), 458 (1), 459 (1), 460 (1), 461 (1), 462 (1), 463 (1), 464 (1), 465 (1), 466 (1), 467 (1), 468 (1), 469 (1), 470 (1), 471 (1), 472 (1), 473 (1), 474 (1), 475 (1), 476 (1), 477 (1), 478 (1), 479 (1), 480 (1), 481 (1), 482 (1), 483 (1), 484 (1), 485 (1), 486 (1), 487 (1), 488 (1), 489 (1), 491 (1), 492 (2), 493 (1), 494 (1), 495 (1), 496 (1), 497 (1), 498 (1), 499 (1), 500 (1), 501 (1), 502 (1), 503 (1), 504 (1), 505 (1), 506 (1), 507 (1), 508 (1), 509 (1), 510 (1), 511 (1), 512 (1), 513 (1), 514 (1), 515 (1), 516 (1), 517 (1), 518 (1), 519 (1), 520 (1), 521 (1), 522 (1), 523 (1), 542 (2), 525 (1), 526 (1), 527 (1), 528 (1), 529 (1), 530 (1), 531 (1), 532 (1), 533 (1), 534 (1), 535 (1), 536 (1), 537 (1), 538 (1), 539 (1), 540 (1), 541 (1), 543 (1), 544 (1), 545 (1), 546 (1), 547 (1), 548 (1), 557 (1), 558 (1), 559 (1), 560 (1), 561 (1), 562 (1), 563 (2), 564 (1), 565 (1), 566 (2), 567 (1), 568 (1), 569 (1), 570 (1), 571 (1), 572 (1), 574 (1), 575 (1), 577 (1), 578 (1), 579 (1), 580 (1), 581 (1), 582 (1), 583 (1), 584 (1), 585 (1), 586 (1), 587 (1), 588 (1), 589 (1), 590 (1), 591 (1), 592 (1), 593 (1), 594 (1), 595 (1), 596 (1), 597 (1), 598 (1), 599 (1), 600 (2), 601 (2), 602 (1), 603 (1), 604 (1), 605 (1), 606 (1), 607 (1), 608 (1), 609 (1), 610 (1), 612 (1), 613 (1), 614 (1), 615 (1), 616 (1), 617 (1), 618 (1), 619 (1), 620 (1), 621 (1), 622 (1), 623 (1), 624 (1), 625 (1), 626 (1), 627 (1), 628 (1), 630 (2), 631 (1), 632 (1), 633 (1), 634 (1), 635 (1), 636 (1), 637 (1), 638 (1), 639 (1), 640 (1), 642 (1), 643 (1), 644 (1), 645 (1), 646 (1), 647 (1), 648 (1), 649 (1), 650 (1), 651 (1), 652 (1), 653 (1), 654 (1), 655 (1), 656 (1), 657 (1), 658 (1), 659 (1), 660 (1), 661 (1), 662 (1), 663 (1), 664 (1), 665 (1), 666 (1), 667 (1), 668 (1), 669 (1), 670 (1), 671 (1), 672 (1), 673 (1), 674 (1), 675 (1), 676 (1), 677 (1), 678 (1), 679 (1), 680 (1), 681 (1), 682 (1), 683 (1), 684 (1), 685 (1), 686 (1), 687 (1), 688 (1), 689 (1), 690 (1), 691 (1), 692 (1), 693 (1), 694 (1), 695 (1), 696 (1), 697 (1), 698 (1), 699 (1), 700 (1), 702 (2), 703 (1), 704 (1), 705 (1), 706 (1), 707 (1), 708 (1), 709 (1), 710 (1), 711 (1), 712 (1), 713 (1), 714 (1), 715 (1), 716 (1), 717 (1), 718 (1), 719 (1), 720 (1), 721 (1), 722 (1), 723 (1), 724 (1), 725 (1), 726 (1), 727 (1), 728 (1), 729 (1), 730 (1), 731 (1), 732 (1), 733 (1), 734 (1), 735 (1), 736 (1), 737 (1), 738 (1), 739 (1), 740 (1), 741 (1), 742 (1), 743 (1), 744 (1), 745 (1), 746 (1), 747 (1), 748 (1), 749 (1), 750 (1), 751 (1), 752 (1), 753 (1), 754 (1), 755 (1), 756 (1), 757 (1), 758 (1), 759 (1), 760 (1), 761 (1), 762 (1), 763 (1), 764 (1), 765 (1), 766 (1), 767 (1), 768 (1), 769 (1), 770 (1), 771 (1), 772 (1), 773 (1), 774 (1), 775 (1), 776 (1), 777 (1), 778 (1), 779 (1), 780 (1), 781 (2), 782 (2), 783 (2), 784 (2), 785 (2), 786 (2), 787 (1), 788 (1), 789 (1), 790 (2), 791 (2), 792 (1), 793 (1), 794 (1), 795 (1), 796 (1), 797 (1), 798 (1), 802 (1), 801 (1), 800 (1), 799 (2), 803 (2), 804 (1), 805 (1), 806 (1), 807 (1), 808 (1), 809 (1), 810 (1), 811 (1), 812 (1), 813 (1), 814 (1), 815 (1), 816 (1), 817 (1), 818 (1), 819 (1), 820 (1), 821 (1), 822 (1), 823 (1), 824 (1), 825 (1), 826 (1), 827 (1), 828 (1), 829 (1), 830 (1), 831 (1), 832 (1), 833 (1), 834 (1), 853 (2), 836 (1), 837 (1), 838 (1), 839 (1), 840 (1), 841 (1), 842 (1), 843 (1), 844 (1), 845 (1), 846 (1), 847 (1), 848 (1), 850 (2), 852 (2), 854 (1), 855 (1), 856 (1), 857 (1), 858 (1), 859 (1), 860 (1), 861 (1), 862 (1), 863 (1), 864 (1), 865 (1), 866 (1), 867 (1), 868 (1), 869 (1), 870 (1), 871 (1), 872 (1), 873 (1), 874 (1), 875 (1), 877 (1), 878 (1), 879 (1), 880 (1), 881 (1), 882 (1), 883 (1), 884 (1), 885 (1), 886 (1), 887 (1), 888 (1), 889 (1), 890 (1), 891 (1), 892 (1), 893 (1), 894 (1), 895 (1), 896 (1), 897 (1), 898 (1), 899 (1), 900 (1), 901 (1), 902 (1), 903 (1), 904 (1), 905 (1), 906 (1), 907 (1), 908 (1), 909 (1), 910 (1), 911 (1), 912 (1), 913 (1), 914 (1), 915 (1), 916 (1), 917 (1), 918 (1), 919 (1), 920 (1), 921 (1), 922 (1), 923 (1), 924 (1), 925 (1), 926 (1), 927 (1), 928 (1), 929 (1), 930 (1), 931 (1), 932 (1), 933 (2), 934 (1), 935 (1), 936 (1), 937 (1), 938 (1), 939 (1), 940 (1), 941 (1), 942 (1), 943 (1), 944 (1), 945 (1), 946 (1), 948 (1), 949 (1), 950 (1), 951 (1), 952 (1), 953 (1), 954 (2), 955 (1), 956 (1), 957 (1), 959 (1), 960 (1), 961 (1), 962 (1), 963 (1), 964 (1), 965 (1), 966 (1), 967 (1), 968 (1), 969 (1), 970 (1), 971 (1), 972 (1), 973 (1), 974 (1), 975 (1), 976 (1), 977 (1), 978 (1), 979 (1), 980 (1), 981 (1), 982 (2), 983 (1), 984 (1), 985 (1), 986 (1), 987 (1), 988 (1), 989 (1), 990 (1), 991 (1), 992 (1), 993 (1), 994 (1), 995 (1), 996 (1), 997 (1), 999 (1), 1000 (1), 1001 (1), 1002 (1), 1003 (1), 1004 (1), 1005 (1), 1006 (1), 1007 (1), 1008 (1), 1009 (1), 1010 (1), 1011 (1), 1012 (1), 1013 (1), 1014 (1), 1015 (1), 1016 (1), 1017 (1), 1018 (1), 1019 (1), 1020 (1), 1021 (1), 1022 (1), 1023 (1), 1024 (1), 1025 (1), 1026 (1), 1027 (1), 1028 (1), 1029 (1), 1030 (1), 1031 (1), 1032 (1), 1033 (1), 1034 (1), 1035 (1), 1036 (1), 1037 (1), 1038 (1), 1039 (1), 1040 (1), 1041 (1), 1042 (1), 1043 (1), 1044 (1), 1045 (1), 1046 (1), 1047 (1), 1048 (1), 1049 (1), 1050 (1), 1051 (1), 1052 (1), 1053 (1), 1054 (1), 1055 (1), 1056 (1), 1057 (1), 1058 (1), 1059 (1), 1060 (1), 1061 (1), 1062 (1), 1063 (2), 1064 (1), 1065 (1), 1066 (1), 1067 (1), 1068 (1), 1069 (1), 1070 (1), 1071 (1), 1072 (1), 1073 (1), 1074 (1), 1075 (1), 1076 (1), 1077 (1), 1078 (1), 1079 (1), 1080 (1), 1082 (1), 1083 (1), 1084 (1), 1085 (1), 1086 (1), 1087 (1), 1088 (1), 1089 (1), 1090 (1), 1091 (1), 1092 (1), 1093 (1), 1094 (1), 1095 (1), 1096 (1), 1097 (1), 1098 (1), 1099 (1), 1100 (1), 1101 (1), 1102 (1), 1103 (1), 1104 (1), 1105 (1), 1106 (1), 1107 (1), 1108 (1), 1109 (1), 1110 (1), 1111 (1), 1112 (1), 1113 (1), 1114 (1), 1115 (1), 1116 (1), 1117 (1), 1118 (1), 1119 (2), 1120 (1), 1121 (1), 1122 (1), 1123 (1), 1124 (1), 1125 (1), 1126 (1), 1129 (2), 1128 (1), 1130 (1), 1131 (1), 1132 (2), 1133 (1), 1134 (1), 1135 (2), 1163 (2), 1147 (2), 1138 (1), 1139 (1), 1140 (1), 1141 (1), 1142 (1), 1143 (1), 1144 (1), 1145 (1), 1146 (1), 1148 (1), 1149 (2), 1150 (1), 1151 (2), 1152 (1), 1153 (1), 1154 (1), 1155 (1), 1156 (1), 1157 (1), 1158 (1), 1159 (1), 1160 (1), 1161 (1), 1162 (1), 1164 (1), 1165 (1), 1168 (2), 1167 (1), 1169 (1), 1170 (1), 1171 (1), 1172 (1), 1173 (1), 1174 (1), 1175 (1), 1176 (1), 1177 (1), 1178 (1), 1179 (1), 1180 (1), 1181 (1), 1184 (2), 1183 (1), 1185 (1), 1186 (1), 1187 (1), 1188 (1), 1189 (1), 1190 (1), 1191 (1), 1192 (1), 1193 (1), 1194 (1), 1195 (1), 1196 (1), 1197 (1), 1198 (1), 1199 (1), 1200 (1), 1201 (1), 1202 (1), 1243 (2), 1204 (1), 1205 (1), 1246 (2), 1207 (1), 1248 (2), 1210 (1), 1211 (1), 1212 (1), 1213 (1), 1214 (1), 1215 (1), 1216 (1), 1217 (1), 1218 (1), 1220 (1), 1221 (1), 1222 (1), 1223 (2), 1224 (1), 1225 (1), 1226 (1), 1227 (1), 1228 (1), 1229 (1), 1230 (1), 1231 (1), 1233 (1), 1234 (1), 1236 (1), 1237 (1), 1238 (1), 1239 (1), 1240 (1), 1241 (1), 1242 (1), 1244 (1), 1245 (1), 1247 (1), 1249 (1), 1250 (1), 1252 (1), 1253 (1), 1254 (2), 1255 (1), 1256 (1), 1257 (1), 1258 (1), 1259 (1), 1260 (1), 1261 (1), 1262 (1), 1263 (1), 1264 (1), 1265 (1), 1266 (1), 1267 (1), 1268 (1), 1269 (1), 1270 (1), 1271 (1), 1272 (1), 1273 (1), 1275 (1), 1276 (1), 1277 (1), 1278 (1), 1279 (1), 1280 (1), 1281 (1), 1282 (1), 1283 (2), 1284 (1), 1285 (1), 1286 (1), 1287 (1), 1288 (1), 1289 (1), 1290 (1), 1291 (1), 1292 (1), 1293 (1), 1294 (1), 1295 (1), 1296 (1), 1297 (1), 1298 (1), 1299 (1), 1300 (1), 1302 (1), 1303 (1), 1304 (1), 1305 (1), 1306 (1), 1307 (1), 1308 (1), 1309 (1), 1310 (1), 1311 (1), 1313 (1), 1314 (1), 1315 (1), 1316 (1), 1317 (1), 1318 (1), 1319 (1), 1320 (1), 1321 (1), 1322 (1), 1337 (2), 1324 (1), 1325 (1), 1326 (1), 1327 (1), 1328 (1), 1329 (1), 1330 (1), 1331 (1), 1332 (1), 1333 (1), 1334 (1), 1335 (1), 1336 (1), 1338 (1), 1339 (1), 1340 (1), 1341 (1), 1342 (1), 1343 (1), 1344 (1), 1345 (1), 1346 (1), 1347 (1), 1348 (1), 1379 (2), 1350 (1), 1351 (1), 1352 (1), 1353 (1), 1354 (1), 1355 (1), 1356 (1), 1357 (2), 1358 (2), 1359 (1), 1360 (1), 1361 (1), 1362 (1), 1363 (1), 1364 (1), 1365 (1), 1366 (1), 1367 (1), 1368 (1), 1369 (1), 1370 (1), 1371 (1), 1372 (1), 1373 (1), 1374 (1), 1375 (1), 1376 (1), 1377 (1), 1378 (1), 1380 (1), 1381 (1), 1383 (1), 1384 (1), 1385 (1), 1386 (1), 1387 (1), 1388 (1), 1389 (1), 1390 (1), 1391 (1), 1392 (1), 1393 (1), 1394 (1), 1395 (1), 1396 (1), 1397 (1), 1398 (1), 1399 (1), 1400 (1), 1401 (1), 1402 (1), 1403 (1), 1404 (1), 1405 (1), 1406 (1), 1407 (1), 1408 (1), 1409 (1), 1410 (1), 1411 (1), 1412 (1), 1413 (1), 1414 (1), 1415 (1), 1416 (1), 1417 (1), 1418 (1), 1419 (1), 1420 (1), 1421 (1), 1422 (1), 1423 (1), 1424 (1), 1425 (1), 1426 (1), 1427 (1), 1428 (1), 1429 (1), 1430 (1), 1431 (1), 1432 (1), 1433 (1), 1434 (1), 1435 (1), 1436 (2), 1437 (1), 1438 (1), 1440 (1), 1441 (1), 1442 (1), 1443 (1), 1444 (1), 1445 (1), 1446 (1), 1447 (1), 1448 (1), 1449 (1), 1450 (1), 1451 (1), 1452 (1), 1453 (1), 1454 (1), 1455 (1), 1456 (1), 1457 (1), 1458 (1), 1459 (1), 1460 (1), 1461 (1), 1462 (1), 1463 (1), 1464 (1), 1465 (1), 1466 (1), 1467 (1), 1468 (1), 1469 (1), 1470 (1), 1471 (1)  •  @__rendition__ (1) : simple:additions (1)|
|23.|__q__|225||
|24.|__seg__|1916| @__rend__ (6) : decorInit (6)  •  @__type__ (1910) : milestoneunit (1910)|
|25.|__signed__|1||
|26.|__trailer__|1||
